In the last lecture, I showed you how our web application looks like on a native device and how we can actually
add it to the home screen and how we can then start it with this button.
Now it would be nice if we wouldn't have to add it manually but instead if the browser would prompt
us to do so
and on this page, you can see it. Here on the right, you just saw the banner coming up from the bottom,
let's do this again.
They're entering a page here and this page will actually be a progressive web page and then you see
this banner sliding up from the bottom
whether we want to install this or not, add it to the home screen. On this page
you also find the criteria and I do link to this page, link can be found at the end of the module or
to be precise at this page which is linked here which is an always kept up-to-date
version of the requirements because these requirements will probably change over time
and right now, these are the current requirements to be fulfilled to see the banner but as they might
change,
it's far more useful for you to know where to look it up than to rely on the video here which might
simply not be true in one year or so.
So right now at the point of time I'm recording this, we need to have a web app manifest with a short name,
name, a 144x144 icon and a start URL as well as a service worker and our page being
served via https which is generally a requirement for service workers.
Now I will come back to service workers later in the course,
they are a super important topic for progressive web apps and I don't want to dive too deep into them
right now,
again this is some extra feature you need to unlock on your page, which depends on your page being served
via https, localhost is an exception though and you will need this too for this web app install
banner to appear.
Finally your page needs to be visited at least twice with at least five minutes between these visits
to see that banner.
So these are the current requirements,
again check this page to see the up-to-date requirements.
Now since we need service workers here, we don't fulfill these requirements yet,
we will do so soon in this course though once we covered service workers. For now
be aware that this banner exists, prompting the user whether he wants to install it or not
but you can always toggle it manually
via add to home screen.